First flight out of Jeffco to Long Beach, no issues, shorter day, all systems looked and performed well.
30 Aug 2016.  Flight was called TF-01.

31 Aug 2016, flight from Long Beach to Honolulu, will be about 8 hours in length, around Hurricane's Lester and Madaline.  System came up well, with the exception of nose DSM, status light remained red,...reset power on console at ads...came back and saw DSM giving data from nose instruments, then noticed  Power reset seemed to "fix" status light issue.
Started dropping Sondes about 20:10Z, first of about 22.  On status page, click on ads DSM and see that serial 6 GPS has red and lots of zero's ...yet aero's displays good GPS, (lat, lon, qual, and nsat).
This flight called RF-01.

1Sept 2016 RF-02.  Again Radome DSM not happy, restarting would not come up and no data coming through this time.  Restarting it via control panel at ads station, and with C/B at power panel  Rest looks ok at first glance.  Multiple tries on nose DSM...alas no joy, no communication with nose dsm.  T.O was at 9:10 Local.  Have tried several times via C/B and ads DSM panel to restart nose DSM, no luck.  Will look into upon landing tonight.....Upon landing opened up radome, and saw volumes of water droplets on all metal services...looking into DSM, see water everywhere on and inside DSM as far as my eye can see between the 104 stack.  Begin by taking off the IRIG connector, noticing the small rust looking marks on the securing small screws, water all over connector.  Spray with contact cleaner.  Do the same to all connectors, one at a time, Jason and Cory helping along the way.  DSM comes up with timing light blinking (it wasn't blinking previously).  With John Cowan on phone, play around with some more things ....and try again...alas, no luck this time with forward DSM....shut it all down, crew duty limits and early start tomorrow.

2 Sept..RF-03.  Start by opening radome before power comes on...all dry inside now...bring up data system, have a PPS pulsing red light on timing board, yes!  Close up radome, get ready for take off.
Notice I have all winds, but no analogs from NOSE DSM, no RT temps, no CAVP from Dew Pointers...arghh.
Need to get off the ground to meet NOAA's timing, Cory says good enough, let's go.  When we are done
with Drop Sondes today, will try and reboot nose DSM on ferry to Colorado.  Take off was at 0800 today.  About a 10 hour flight. 2312Z reset DPR. 0200 restarted Nimbus in attempt to bring back ADC (air data computer 1 which went out about 45 minutes ago????)  Very strange.  had to process data to find when it went out...aeros showed it out whole flight, but we know we had it for a long while...what is going on here?  Restarted Nimbus...no joy...restarted MPDB DSM...and it's back...hmmm not on our channel set up sheet where we injest air data computer stuff?  Never had it go out on me I guess.  bout an hour out for landing now..landing at 10:00 pm local or so.



 


